[Gabby gasps]
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Take us to the Dollhouse ♪
♪ Little by little
Let's live in the meow ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ What's the big surprise? ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Let's shrink right down and go inside ♪
♪ Hey, Gabby ♪
♪ Meow ♪
Hey! I was just about to try
a new hairstyle.
Sometimes I like to match my hair
to my mood.
Like...
silly hair, for when I need to laugh...
rainbow hair,
for when I'm feeling colorful, or...
magical hair, like a unicorn,
because everything's better with magic.
[snaps fingers]
But today...
I'm going all me.
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
You know what that sound means.
It's time for a Dollhouse Delivery.
Come on.
♪ Meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Meow ♪
Alright, let's see what we have inside of
our Meow Meow Mailbox today.
[gasps]
Ooh! I love this box!
Hey, it kind of looks like MerCat,
doesn't it? Mm-hmm.
Let's see what's inside.
[gasps]
Whoa!
Two tiny tubes.
And one flask.
I wonder what we're supposed to do
with these. Oh!
A-ha! Directions.
Looks like
we're supposed to mix them. See?
The yellow and the blue liquid
go in the beaker.
But before we do that,
like MerCat always says,
safety before science.
Alright.
First, we got to uncork it.
Boop and boop.
Let's see.
Whoa! The yellow and blue makes green!
Cool!
Whoa! That was so cool!
Wait a minute. Am I wearing a bathrobe?
I am!
There's something in here.
[gasps]
It's an invitation
to MerCat's Spa Day Party
in the Dollhouse.
Do you want to come
to MerCat's party with me?
Yay! Let's go.
Aww! Pandy!
Look how cute you are
in your little bathrobe.
[gasps] Ooh!
Looks like MerCat's decorating
for the party.
Let's get in there.
Time to get tiny.
♪ A pinch on my left
Pinch, pinch on my right ♪
♪ Grab Pandy's hand and hold on tight! ♪
Whee!
Come on in!
[gasps] Check out all the decorations!
They're spa-tacular.
But before the party starts,
we have a Pandy cat to find.
Do you see Pandy?
Hug attack!
[Pandy grunts] Wahoo!
[both laugh]
Spa Party!
Yippee!
[giggles] I'm just so excited!
Hey, MerCat.
Thanks for inviting us,
and for the fluffy robes.
So soft!
[giggles] I'm so glad you could come.
This Spa Day Party is going to be
Mer-tastic! [giggles]
Cakey's making special face masks,
and Baby Box and Mama Box
are making super soaps.
-[alarm blares]
-[screams] Shimmering sea scales!
Everybody's gonna be here soon.
I've got to get ready.
-How can we help?
-Could you finish blowing up the balloons?
Of course we can. I love balloons.
Thanks, Pandy. Thanks, Gabby.
[Gabby blowing]
[Pandy blowing]
Whoopsie!
[balloon squeaking]
MerCat! Are you OK?
[giggles] Of course. I'm fine.
Uh, MerCat, your color and sparkle,
it's fading away.
What?
Uh-oh!
This is my magical spot-removing potion.
It's meant to fade away stains,
but it looks like
it's fading away my sparkle.
I'm sorry, MerCat.
Oh, Pandy, it's OK.
It was just an accident.
But today is your Spa Day Party.
It's the sparkliest,
shiniest day of the whole year.
Ooh. That is true.
Don't worry, Mercat.
We're gonna help you get your sparkle back
in time for the party.
But how?
I don't know... yet.
But let's think about it.
Hey! Didn't you say
Cakey was making face masks?
Maybe that will work.
Yeah! Maybe the face mask will bring back
the sparkle in your face.
It's worth a try.
To the kitchen!
A berry for you.
[Gabby] Cakey!
Happy Spa Day Party!
-[gasps] MerCat! Your sparkle!
-That's why we're here.
We were hoping your special face masks
might help MerCat get her color
and sparkle back.
Sure! My face masks always do the trick.
Follow me!
Alright.
We're gonna make my squishy,
squeezy glow masks.
Squishy, squeezy glow masks?
Try saying that three times fast.
Squishy, squeezy glow masks.
Squishy, squeeby go max.
Shushy, gleezy ghost max!
Phew! Did I get it?
[giggles] Almost!
Well, I don't care how you say it,
as long as it works.
OK! Let's get squishing!
For my squishy, squeezy glow masks
we need avocado, lemon and honey.
Let's give it a go.
What do we do first, Cakey?
The first thing we do is scoop out
the avocado with a spoon.
♪ Scoop and scoop ♪
♪ And in with a swoop ♪
♪ Scooping out avocado ♪
Now, here comes the fun part.
You use your hands to mush
and mash the avocado.
Then we squeeze in a dash of lemon,
and then a drop of honey.
Then mush and mash again!
So, we...
♪ Mush and mash ♪
♪ And mix in a dash ♪
♪ Of lemon and a drop of honey ♪
♪ Lemon and a drop of honey ♪
Mush and mash with us.
♪ Mush and mash ♪
♪ And mix in a dash ♪
♪ Of lemon and a drop of honey ♪
♪ Lemon and a drop of honey ♪
♪ Mush and mash ♪
♪ And mix in a dash ♪
♪ Of lemon and a drop of honey ♪
♪ Lemon and a drop of honey ♪
♪ Mush and mash, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ And mix in a dash ♪
♪ Of lemon and a drop of honey, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Lemon and a drop of honey ♪
There! Now it's ready.
Whoa! This sure is messy.
[slurps] Not bad.
Hey, Pandy.
-[Pandy giggles]
-Do you like my mush-tache?
[Pandy giggles]
I hope this works.
Only one way to find out.
♪ Pat and pat ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Just like that ♪
♪ Pat and pat ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Just like that ♪
♪ Wonder how it's gonna be ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Now we got to wait and see ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
You look silly, Gabby.
You look pretty silly yourself.
Now you leave it on for five seconds.
[all] One, two, three, four,
five!
Let's see the results.
You're next, MerCat.
[MerCat] I'm nervous.
What if it didn't work?
Then we'll keep looking
until we find something that does work.
[MerCat] OK. Here it goes!
Did it work?
It did?
The face mask worked.
Oh, shimmering sea scales!
You did it, Cakey! Thank you!
[giggles] You're welcome.
Ah! [giggles]
Well, now I just have to get
the rest my sparkle back.
Well, Baby Box and Mama Box
are making soap for the party.
-Maybe that could help.
-Well, it's certainly worth a try.
Let's give it a go.
To the craft room!
Thanks, Cakey. See you at the Spa Party.
I'm bringing smoothies.
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
Oh, hey, Gabby.
Hey, Pandy. Hey...
MerCat? What happened?
I spilled a potion
and she lost her sparkle.
On Spa Day,
the sparkliest,
shiniest day of the whole year.
And we've just got to get it back.
Don't worry, MerCat. We can help.
Let's use one of our colorful super soaps.
Want to make one?
-You bet I do!
-Me, too!
Great! Let's get crafting!
How do we start?
First thing you do is pick what color
you want your super soap to be.
You can put your colors in here.
I'm gonna pick...
yellow!
I want mine to be blue.
I'm gonna make my soap pink.
What color do you want yours to be,
MerCat?
I want my soap to be green, like me.
But I don't see any green.
Uh-oh.
Luckily, I'm a scientist. [giggles]
And I know there are two colors
we can mix together to make green.
One of them is definitely yellow.
Now, what color do I mix with yellow
to make green?
Blue!
Let's see what happens
when we melt them together.
[Pandy gasps] It's making green!
Wow!
Yellow and blue do make green.
It's MerCat green!
Science is cat-tastic.
Now we just need to pour these
into the mold to shape our soaps.
OK, Baby Box,
what shape do you want your soap to be?
Oh! I'm gonna pick the egg shape.
It looks like a dinosaur egg.
-MerCat?
-Ooh!
I'm gonna pick the kitty shape.
-Pandy?
-Ooh!
I want mine to be shaped like an ice pop.
Look, there's even a little stick.
How about you, Gabby?
I like the heart shape.
Now we get to pick out
our super-special charms.
Super-special charms?
Yep. Charms are what make
the super soaps super.
You need to pick something you love
to put inside your soap.
I love dinosaurs,
so I'm going to pick a dinosaur.
MerCat, do you see a charm that you love?
Ooh! I see the perfect one for me.
Can you guess which charm is my favorite?
OK, I'll give you a hint.
It's something I wear every single day.
Yes, the pink star! [giggles]
It's just like the one I wear.
Oh, I hope this makes my super soaps
special enough to bring back my sparkle.
I love hearts,
so this is my special charm.
And for my special charm,
I'm gonna pick... the pickle.
The pickle?
Yeah, because it's silly, like me.
And a moment in the fridge.
[timer ticking]
-[bell dings]
-[Mama Box] That should so it.
Super soaps are ready!
Oh, yeah!
Ta-da! Dinosaur egg!
Ooh!
Check out my delicious pickle ice pop.
Pickle ice pop. Pickle ice pop.
[laughs] It even sounds silly.
I heart this so much.
[gasps] MerCat,
your super soap looks just like you.
Your super soap is super-duper special.
Are you ready to give it a try?
[sighs] OK, super soap,
I'm counting on you.
Is it working?
[gasps] It is! It is working!
Your color's coming back!
Great job, everyone.
-Wahoo!
-Yahoo!
[CatRat] Oh, yuck! [slurps]
Bleugh! What's wrong with this ice pop?
It tastes terrible.
[chuckles] CatRat!
It's not a real pickle ice pop.
It's made out of soap.
Soap? Yuck! [belches]
Who makes a pickle ice pop out of soap?
That's silly.
See you at the party.
I hear Cakey's bringing smoothies. Mm!
-[alarm blaring]
-[vibrating]
Popping penguins! The Spa Party!
It's almost time, and I still don't have
my sparkle tail back.
Ooh, but I have an idea.
To the bathroom!
Thanks, Baby Box.
Good luck! Bye!
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
What's your idea, MerCat?
All mermaid cats keep one extra
magical mermaid scale in a secret spot.
If we can get my scale, I think I can use
it to bring my magical sparkle tail back.
That's great! Where is it?
With all the other magical mermaid scales,
deep under the sea,
in Mermaid-lantis.
Alright, I'm going in!
Wait! [giggles] Pandy,
there's a way to bring the scale to us.
[claps]
If we play the secret color code
on this shell chime,
the scale will come up to us.
What are we waiting for?
Tell me the code and I'll play.
Well, that's the thing.
I don't know the code.
But then how are we gonna get the scale?
The spinner will give us the code.
It will spin five times
and land on each of these colors.
We have to remember the colors
and play them in the right order.
Whoa! That's a lot of colors.
How are we gonna remember them all?
[Gabby gasps] Nail polish!
Each time the spinner lands on a color,
we'll paint one of my fingernails
that same color.
Then we'll have the code
right at my fingertips.
[giggles] That's brilliant!
Now, we have to say,
"Spin, spinner, spin!"
Come on, say it with us.
[all] Spin, spinner, spin!
[Pandy] Pink.
Got it. Pink.
[Pandy] Blue.
[MerCat] Blue.
[Pandy] Green.
Seaweed green.
[Pandy] Yellow.
[MerCat] Yellow.
Only one more to go.
[Pandy] Orange.
-[MerCat] Orange.
-[Gabby] We've got the code!
Ooh! It's like a rainbow manicure.
-[alarm blaring]
-Oh, we have to hurry!
Everyone's gonna be here any minute!
Help me play the chimes.
What color do I play first?
Pink.
[chimes]
What color is next?
Blue.
[chimes]
What color comes next?
Green.
[chimes]
Next color?
Yellow.
[chimes]
What's the last color?
Orange.
[chimes]
[melodic chiming]
[Pandy gasps] It's working!
♪ Arthur! ♪
Arthur! You made it!
Did you bring my tail scale?
-[Arthur jabbers]
-[MerCat] Yay! My tail scale!
Oh, thank you! Thank you!
Hopefully this will bring my sparkle back.
Come on, tail scale!
[Cat-A-Vator bell dings]
-Hey, MerCat.
-Yeah! Spa Party!
We're here.
Where's MerCat?
Um, right here.
Did it work?
Did you get your sparkle back?
I guess there's only one way to find out.
Fins crossed.
[giggles] I'm back!
-Yes!
-Awesome!
So sparkly!
[gasps] Oh, thank you, everyone.
It just would not be a Spa Day
without my sparkle.
You look sparkle-tastic.
[giggles] And I feel sparkle-tastic!
Oh, thank you, Arthur.
Now, you get this back home safe, OK?
[MerCat giggles]
♪ Arthur! ♪
Let's get this party started! [giggles]
Hit it, Catnip!
-Hoo-hoo! Yeah!
-[record scratching]
Mama, check it out!
I used your favorite colors.
Orange, green, and purple.
I love it.
[CatRat slurps] Mm!
Cakey, do I detect a bit of mango in here?
[giggles] It's my secret ingredient.
Ta-da! What do you think?
Oh, MerCat!
I love it. It's so sparkly.
Of course it is.
It is Spa Party Day...
[both] ...the sparkliest day of the year.
Thanks for helping us
get MerCat's sparkle back.
Are you ready for another surprise?
♪ Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat ♪
♪ Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat
Gabby Cat, Gabby Cat ♪
♪ Gabby Cat of the Day! ♪
It's me, MerCat.
MerCat in the house,
about to drop some Spa Science.
Come on!
♪ Welcome to my bubbly world ♪
♪ Fizzy, foamy, color swirls ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Gonna make you smile
Let you see how scientific you can be ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ OK, sit back, relax ♪
♪ A mud mask or a seaweed wrap ♪
♪ Anything you want today ♪
♪ You're the bubbles in every way ♪
♪ Spa Science, get a reaction ♪
♪ Spa Science, a bubble brigade ♪
♪ Spa Science ♪
♪ Spa Science
A brand-new discovery each day ♪
♪ I got lotions for days ♪
♪ Mixing up a brand-new batch
A potion that is so cat-tastic ♪
♪ Meow, meow, meow ♪
♪ Your bubble bath is ready ♪
♪ Then a rainbow mani-pedi ♪
♪ It's such a purr-fect day ♪
♪ Shimmering sea scales! ♪
♪ We're on our way ♪
♪ Spa Science, get a reaction ♪
♪ Spa Science, a bubble brigade ♪
♪ Spa Science ♪
♪ Spa Science
A brand-new discovery each day ♪
♪ We got beakers
Test tubes, colored bottles ♪
♪ Don't forget your safety goggles ♪
♪ Melt it, freeze it, add some zest
Put your spa skills to the test ♪
♪ Spa Science, discover the wonder today ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ Spa Science ♪
I can't wait to share more Spa Science
with you. Bye!
MerCat sure knows
how to throw a good party.
Thanks for playing
in the Dollhouse with us today.
See you next time,
and we'll open another Dollhouse surprise.
Bye!
[as Pandy] Bye!